Private/http-private-auth-doc.md, before:

# Private HTTP API Authenticate

## How to use:

1. Go to your account on whitebit.com.
2. Click on the API keys tab.
3. Select the appropriate configuration tab for your API keys. Different API keys allow access to different API calls.
4. Generate API keys and toggle the activation switcher to "Activated".

## Requirements:

Auth request should be using `POST` method and should include:
1. [Body data](#body-data)
2. [Headers](#headers)

### Body data

**JSON** that includes:
1. **'request'** - a request path without the domain name. Example: `'/api/v4/trade-account/balance'`.
2. **'nonce'** - a number that is always **larger** than the previous request’s nonce number. Example: `'1594297865'`. A good method of creating a **nonce** is to use the unix timestamp in milliseconds. This way you'll always get an incrementing number, but make sure not to send two API calls at the same time, otherwise their nonce will be identical.
3. **params of request** - Example: `'ticker': 'BTC'`

### Headers

With every request you need to provide next **headers**:
1. `'Content-type': 'application/json'`
2. `'X-TXC-APIKEY': api_key` - where api_key is your public WhiteBit API key
3. `'X-TXC-PAYLOAD': payload'` - where payload is base64-encoded body data
4. `'X-TXC-SIGNATURE': signature` - where signature is `hex(HMAC_SHA512(payload), key=api_secret))`

### Errors:
    
**"Too many requests."** - this error means that the **“nonce”** in your current request is equal or is smaller than the one in the previous request.

___
```json5
{
    "message": [
        [
            "Too many requests."
        ]
    ],
    "result": [],
    "success": false
}
```
___

**"This action is unauthorized. Enable your key in API settings"** - this error means that you need goto https://whitebit.com/settings/api and enable api key

___
```json5
{
    "message": [
        [
            "This action is unauthorized. Enable your key in API settings"
        ]
    ],
    "result": [],
    "success": false
}
```
___

**"Invalid payload"** - that means that the data which you provided in the body of the  request didn't match the **base64-decoded** payload.
___
```json5
{
     "message": [
         [
             "Invalid payload."
         ]
     ],
     "result": [],
     "success": false
}
```
___
**"Unauthorized request."** - request signed incorrectly.
___
```json5
{
    "message": [
        [
            "Unauthorized request."
        ]
    ],
    "result": [],
    "success": false
}
```
___ 
**"Nonce not provided."** - you need to provide a **"nonce"** in the body request.
___
```json5
{
    "message": [
        [
            "Nonce not provided."
        ]
    ],
    "result": [],
    "success": false
}
```
___ 
**"Request not provided."** - you need to provide a **"request"** in the body request
___
```json5
{
    "message": [
        [
            "Request not provided."
        ]
    ],
    "result": [],
    "success": false
}
```
___

Commit message:

add quick start lib to auth doc

Private/http-private-auth-doc.md, after:

# Private HTTP API Authenticate

## How to use:

1. Go to your account on whitebit.com.
2. Click on the API keys tab.
3. Select the appropriate configuration tab for your API keys. Different API keys allow access to different API calls.
4. Generate API keys and toggle the activation switcher to "Activated".

## Requirements:

Auth request should be using `POST` method and should include:
1. [Body data](#body-data)
2. [Headers](#headers)

### Body data

**JSON** that includes:
1. **'request'** - a request path without the domain name. Example: `'/api/v4/trade-account/balance'`.
2. **'nonce'** - a number that is always **larger** than the previous request’s nonce number. Example: `'1594297865'`. A good method of creating a **nonce** is to use the unix timestamp in milliseconds. This way you'll always get an incrementing number, but make sure not to send two API calls at the same time, otherwise their nonce will be identical.
3. **params of request** - Example: `'ticker': 'BTC'`

### Headers

With every request you need to provide next **headers**:
1. `'Content-type': 'application/json'`
2. `'X-TXC-APIKEY': api_key` - where api_key is your public WhiteBit API key
3. `'X-TXC-PAYLOAD': payload'` - where payload is base64-encoded body data
4. `'X-TXC-SIGNATURE': signature` - where signature is `hex(HMAC_SHA512(payload), key=api_secret))`


### Examples of auth

To help you get started with our API, we've created the [API Quick start helper](https://github.com/whitebit-exchange/api-quickstart) library. It supports the following languages:
```json5
1. Python
2. PHP
3. JavaScript
4. Go
5. Kotlin
6. Java
```

### Errors:
    
**"Too many requests."** - this error means that the **“nonce”** in your current request is equal or is smaller than the one in the previous request.

___
```json5
{
    "message": [
        [
            "Too many requests."
        ]
    ],
    "result": [],
    "success": false
}
```
___

**"This action is unauthorized. Enable your key in API settings"** - this error means that you need goto https://whitebit.com/settings/api and enable api key

___
```json5
{
    "message": [
        [
            "This action is unauthorized. Enable your key in API settings"
        ]
    ],
    "result": [],
    "success": false
}
```
___

**"Invalid payload"** - that means that the data which you provided in the body of the  request didn't match the **base64-decoded** payload.
___
```json5
{
     "message": [
         [
             "Invalid payload."
         ]
     ],
     "result": [],
     "success": false
}
```
___
**"Unauthorized request."** - request signed incorrectly.
___
```json5
{
    "message": [
        [
            "Unauthorized request."
        ]
    ],
    "result": [],
    "success": false
}
```
___ 
**"Nonce not provided."** - you need to provide a **"nonce"** in the body request.
___
```json5
{
    "message": [
        [
            "Nonce not provided."
        ]
    ],
    "result": [],
    "success": false
}
```
___ 
**"Request not provided."** - you need to provide a **"request"** in the body request
___
```json5
{
    "message": [
        [
            "Request not provided."
        ]
    ],
    "result": [],
    "success": false
}
```
___
